Introduction, have you really heard of Li Ge Lun Point? What's going on?
Doesn't your mother blame that happy old guy?
Actually because of the numbness of coming to Yiyiming,
This knife!
And this scene, this kind of talk,
Of course, the happy old guy is my adopted son,
You can actually have me as your master,
If you hadn't looked at the face of everyone like me,
I've already skinned him,
So that's it, the result is,
I heard that you are still married. Where is your girlfriend?
Why haven't you seen anyone?
That is to say, it is a casual stock.
The guy at the small door actually helped me with this waste
I don’t know first, then, then, then, then, then, then, whatever,
Who is this guy?
feel the most connected
Isn’t this a life without punishment?
Okay, which one is bigger?
What kind of place do you really think I am? Don't talk to me.
Don't say you have too much fat
I understand this little problem
Not just acquaintance
This is the spicy one I told you about